all right everyone can be king 77 years
from the Android creative syndicate team
here to do a video giving my opinion on
screen sizes of cell phones as well as
giving you maybe a quick test on how you
can tell if a screen is too big for you
or not in my opinions grease that
screen size is obviously a complete
matter of opinion whether you like
bigger screens smaller screens it is all
completely up to you and I feel like
obviously bigger screens are it was
easier to see you can fit more on the
screen but also smaller screens can add
more detail depending on your resolution
as well as add more ease of use
depending on the main factor which is
the size of your hand in my opinion I
feel like there could be there can be a
good test using your hand just it's
obviously not an exact science test is
just a quick test telling whether or not
a phone screen size is too large for
your hand or not so obviously I have
five different phones here Evo shift
Nexus S 4G Epic 4G motorola Photon 4G
and Epic Touch 4G so I'm just going to
give it a quick overview the reason I
have these is because this is 3.6 inches
these two are 4.0 inches to 4.3 inches
4.5 inches so just different screen
sizes and I have these two the epic and
the Nexus S 4G which have the same
screen size but they're different build
so build matters as well when it comes
to your choosing your screen size so the
main test that I like to do when
choosing a phone with the screen size is
I'm going to grab the Evo shipped real
quick so the main test that I run
through is it's called up in my what I
like to call it is the four four corner
test so what you need to do is hold the
phone in your hand like you normally
would when if you're trying to press the
middle of the screen a button in the
middle of the screen just how you
normally would in your right hand
whether you're typing a text or pressing
send or anything just
hold it you're not in your hand like you
normally would now what you're going to
need to do is try and press all four
corners of the device if you can
successfully press all four corners that
phone screen size is fine for your hand
obviously things come into play such as
having a keyboard and thickness as well
as obviously where the screen is placed
with the build on the phone so it all
depends on a bunch of different factors
that's why I like to have this test
because it can basically test these
things with the different factors so
that's just a quick test I'm going to go
ahead and show you a difference I'm
gonna go ahead and grab the Nexus S 4G
real quick as you can see I'm going to
do it real quick bottom right bottom
left upper left and upper right so as
you can see I have a little difficulty
my hand isn't huge I wouldn't say it's
really small either it's relatively
average-sized I would say but I'm gonna
go on the bottom right it obviously
depends on how you hold your phone this
is just how I hold it normally that's
the key to the test make sure you hold
it how you normally would
don't try and make any changes to get
the phone to fit your how you like it so
upper left is the main one obviously
that's the main one that you need to
touch because upper right bottom right
bottom left are usually easy to access
but you need to make sure you can get
that corner up in the upper left without
having to adjust your hand or hold it
with the other hand anything like that
I'm gonna go ahead and grab the epic as
you can see if I do set it down the
screen the Nexus S 4G screen actually
sits lower than the epic so it can be
different depending on how you hold it
so the epics upper left-hand corner can
be a little bit more difficult obviously
it's a little thicker and the screens a
little higher up so it can be a little
more difficult to reach I can still
reach it obviously but that's just a
factor to look at with thickness and
showing how the screen size isn't the
only factor with reaching that corner
I'm going to grab the photon really
quick 4.3 inches I'm going to go ahead
and run through the test as you can see
I don't think I can really reach the
upper left corner the true upper
left-hand corner I can get very close
without adjusting my hand but if I
stretch it really far I can reach it but
I think that's about my limit is photons
build size it
somewhat thick but it is a sturdy device
as well as just reaching that upper
left-hand corner or if you hold it with
your left hand if you're a lefty trying
to reach the upper right-hand corner
obviously flip flop but now I'm going to
grab go ahead and grab the Samsung Epic
Touch 4G which is 4.5 inches obviously
very very big screen it is also very
very thin so keep that in mind when
doing this test I'm going to go ahead
and hold it make sure you hold it like
you always do normally do with one hand
and try and touch the corners as you can
see the upper left-hand corner I can
still only I don't think I can reach it
I can't reach the corner I'm just short
of it but without adjusting my hand
obviously but I'm just short of it so in
my opinion this might be out of my limit
when it comes to trying to reach things
in the upper left hand corner that's my
opinion on screen size granted I do
really like bigger screens but when it
comes down to it I would say cell phones
functionality comes down to making sure
you can reach all parts of the screen
while holding it in one hand like normal
so that is completely my opinion
obviously this test isn't anything
scientific just kind of wanting to give
you all my opinion and just show you
guys what I run through when I do this
test obviously it varies on hand size
women hands are generally smaller than
men's and as well as just everyone's
hand comes in different size shapes and
sizes so it's obviously going to vary
this test is going to vary based on your
hand size so that is in my opinion the
factor to choosing a bigger screen
that's why I'm a little interested to
see how the Galaxy Nexus is going to
look with four point six five inch
screen I believe depending on its build
and as well as having such a big screen
I'm not sure how well that's going to go
over with everyone depending on their
hand size I think obviously you guys
with bigger hands will generally or
girls with bigger hands will generally
have maybe bigger pants bigger pants
pockets which will allow them to fit the
bigger phone into their pockets this is
obviously just a generalization not
obviously any exact science but I'm just
kind of giving you an idea of where I'm
coming from but that's just all my
opinion if please give me your opinion
as well leave a comment on the video I
will be happy to hear everyone's
opinion as well as respond to any
opinions any questions that you guys do
have but be sure to subscribe as well
for future videos go ahead and read my
blog on this as well that'll be in the
description of the video
and thanks for watching give this video
a thumbs up if you liked it